W-15845128 Einstein update. (#37)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/einstein-model.adoc

> Einstein uses the `llmgateway__OpenAIGPT4Omni_05_13` LLM Gateway model. See https://git.soma.salesforce.com/pages/tech-enablement/einstein/docs/gateway/models-and-providers/[Models and Providers] for additional information. 

Author: ```suggestion
For document analysis in IDP, Einstein uses OpenAI's `GPT4Omni_05_13` LLM Gateway model accessed through the Salesforce Einstein Trust layer, which is part of the Salesforce Einstein platform.
```
